rum-list-widget (#15916)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/explorer/visualize.md

The RUM events table configuration is stored with additional elements of your troubleshooting context in [Saved Views][4].

### List widget

> The [List Widget on dashboards](https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/widgets/list/) allows you to view individual events for a given data source, including RUM data. You can export sessions to the list widget directly from the RUM explorer or build queries from scratch on any dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [List Widget on dashboards][8] shows individual events for a given data source, including RUM data. You can export sessions to the list widget directly from the RUM explorer, or build queries from scratch on any dashboard.
```

Reviewer: and add on line 124:
```
[8]: /dashboards/widgets/list/
```
